bug lists:

1. preserving edits (update)
	1. when nav link name is changed
	2. when name section, pic section or about section is changed
	3. when should the contents be preserved?
		-> should it be preserved every time nav is changed?
		-> should it be only presearved when it has been edited?
		-> reveal contents when closed; should database be updated?
	4. should the edits be instantly updated in cache?
		-> benefit: even if the data hasn't been saved yet due to slow network
					the view will still show the latest edit
		-> drawbacks: what if database edit failed eventually? Should the view
					be restored. Wouldn't the abrupt change feel glitchy?
					What if the user was already editing on top of previous edit?
2. create
	1. adding new nav link
	2. when to save name of new nav link 
	3. adding placeholder content for easy edit 
3. delete
	1. how to delete nav link and its associated contents? should confirmation pop up appear?




possible repurcussions: 

1. What if nav is deselected and then again seleted in a small time span. If we are only saving
   the edits when the nav is changed, it can cause problemns. Since, the cache data will only update
   after the database has been updated which is asynchoronous task. The view might show the old 
   inconsistent data from the cache.
   
2. Don't allow the name of the navigation tab to be changed if there is any content inside it in edit mode.
   Otherwise two edits might collide causing all sorts of problems. 
   For example: the name of the nav link might have been changed but content might be saved under the 
   old name. Since old name no longer exists, new entry will be added with the same content but under
   old name. Thereby causing duplicate entries under two different nav links.

3. Suppose we are saving the updated data when the edit mode is about to be turned off. But after editing 
   with content still in edit mode, the user signed out instead. This means the edit mode of the content 
   was never turned off, so the edits won't be saved in the database.

4. What if some contents or profile (about section, nav section's nav link names etc.) were being edited and 
   without closing them the user decided to add a new nav link instead. Now if the new nav link is updated in 
   the database by updating the whole profile then the contents that were still in editmode will be updated as 
   a textarea instead of div content. 

5. Say a content is being edited and without turning it off new content is edited. This is sure to cause trouble
   because when any one content is about to be turned off from the edit mode. The contents as a whole can be 
   saved which causes the content still in edit mode be saved as a textarea. 

6. Say that the name of the nav link has been changed. In doing so the innerText will instantly change but 
   due to slow network the database might still haven't yet been changed. Which means the cache hasn't been
   changed either. So, if the user tries to click this link with new name no data for it will be found in cache
   and similarly no data may be found in the database. Which means there won't be any content inside it. But,
   after a while it may just work fine when the nav link is seleted as by then the database could have been updated.




Ideas for preserving edits:

1. When a content is about to be switched off from admin mode check if it has changed.
   If it has been changed update it in the database.
2. When profile sections (name section, about section, pic section) are about to be
   switched off from admin mode check if it has changed. If it has been changed 
   update it in the database.
3. don't allow navigation tab to be changed if there is any content in edit mode.
4. don't allow the contents to be changed if there is any nav links being edited.
5. don't allow the name of the navigation tab to be changed if there is any content in edit mode.
6. only allow the content to be edited if there is no other content being edited.
7. only allow the editables in profile to be edited if there is no other editable in profile being edited.
8. only allow the user to sign out if there is nothing being edited.
9. only allow the user to add a new nav link if there is nothing being edited.